Spelling (#192)
botpress/docs: learn/reference/cards/capture-information.mdx

<Tip>
Tip

> If the user enters text instead of clicking a button, the AI will search their text for any of the button options, and, if there is an option matching the user's text, it will be handled as if they clicked the button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user enters text instead of clicking a button, the AI will check the text for any matching button labels. If it finds a match, it will handle the input as though the user had clicked that button.
```
